---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_discovery Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Discovery"
description: |-
  This resource can manage a Discovery.
---

# catalystcenter_discovery (Resource)

This resource can manage a Discovery.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_discovery" "example" {
  cdp_level                 = 10
  discovery_type            = "RANGE"
  enable_password_list      = [""]
  global_credential_id_list = [""]
  http_read_credential      = ""
  http_write_credential     = ""
  ip_address_list           = "192.168.0.1-192.168.0.99"
  ip_filter_list            = ["192.168.0.8-192.168.0.8"]
  lldp_level                = 10
  name                      = "disco42"
  netconf_port              = "830"
  password_list             = [""]
  preferred_ip_method       = "UseLoopBack"
  protocol_order            = "ssh"
  retry                     = 3
  snmp_auth_passphrase      = ""
  snmp_auth_protocol        = ""
  snmp_mode                 = ""
  snmp_priv_passphrase      = ""
  snmp_priv_protocol        = ""
  snmp_ro_community         = ""
  snmp_ro_community_desc    = ""
  snmp_rw_community         = ""
  snmp_rw_community_desc    = ""
  snmp_user_name            = ""
  snmp_version              = ""
  timeout                   = 5
  user_name_list            = [""]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `discovery_type` (String) Type of Discovery.
  - Choices: `SINGLE`, `RANGE`, `MULTI RANGE`, `CDP`, `LLDP`, `CIDR`
- `name` (String) A name for the Discovery.
- `protocol_order` (String) A string of comma-separated protocols (ssh/telnet), in the same order in which the connections to each device are attempted. E.g.: 'telnet': only telnet; 'ssh,telnet': ssh first, with telnet fallback.

### Optional

- `cdp_level` (Number) CDP level to which neighbor devices to be discovered.
- `enable_password_list` (List of String) Enable Password of the devices to be discovered.
- `global_credential_id_list` (List of String) A list of IDs, which must include SNMP and CLI credentials.
- `http_read_credential` (String) TODO.
- `http_write_credential` (String) TODO.
- `ip_address_list` (String) A string of IP address ranges to discover.  E.g.: '172.30.0.1' for SINGLE, CDP and LLDP; '172.30.0.1-172.30.0.4' for RANGE; '72.30.0.1-172.30.0.4,172.31.0.1-172.31.0.4' for MULTI RANGE; '172.30.0.1/20' for CIDR.
- `ip_filter_list` (List of String) A list of IP address ranges to exclude from the discovery.
- `lldp_level` (Number) LLDP level to which neighbor devices to be discovered.
- `netconf_port` (String) Port number for netconf as a string. It also requires valid SSH credentials to work.
- `password_list` (List of String) Password of the devices to be discovered.
- `preferred_ip_method` (String) Preferred method for selecting management IP address.
  - Choices: ``, `UseLoopBack`
- `retry` (Number) Number of times to try establishing connection to device.
- `snmp_auth_passphrase` (String) Auth passphrase for SNMP.
- `snmp_auth_protocol` (String) SNMP auth protocol.
  - Choices: `SHA`, `MD5`
- `snmp_mode` (String) Mode of SNMP.
  - Choices: `AUTHPRIV`, `AUTHNOPRIV`, `NOAUTHNOPRIV`
- `snmp_priv_passphrase` (String) Passphrase for SNMP privacy.
- `snmp_priv_protocol` (String) SNMP privacy protocol.
  - Choices: `DES`, `AES128`
- `snmp_ro_community` (String) SNMP RO community of the devices to be discovered.
- `snmp_ro_community_desc` (String) Description for snmp_ro_community.
- `snmp_rw_community` (String) SNMP RW community of the devices to be discovered.
- `snmp_rw_community_desc` (String) Description for snmp_rw_community
- `snmp_user_name` (String) SNMP username of the devices to be discovered.
- `snmp_version` (String) Version of SNMP
  - Choices: `v2`, `v3`
- `timeout` (Number) Time to wait for response in seconds, per each device.
- `user_name_list` (List of String) Username of the devices to be discovered.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_discovery.example "4b0b7a80-44c0-4bf2-bab5-fc24b4e0a17e"
```
